README.md, before:

# ValoTools

A multi-purpose tool for Valorant.

Functionality will be added every once in a while if I do keep up with it.

Join our valorant discord server I guess, https://discord.gg/NvdwSwfuAd

Check releases for an executable file.
If you are going to use the source code to run it, run main.py to start it. All other .py files are used for imports.

Viruses might be detected, but only because it is a code file from a unrecognized source.
If your antivirus deletes it, turn it off temporarily and then add an exclusion to the file when its downloaded.
Don't trust me? Check the file on https://www.virustotal.com and see that most antiviruses mark the file as clean.

### TEXT UI IS WINDOWS ONLY
If this is not ran on Windows, a lot of cosmetic features will be broken like the window title and keeping the text cleaned up.
Graphical UI should work just fine, though.

### VERSION NUMBERS ACCORDING TO ME
Versions will go like this! The first number changes after a huge update or big feature is added.
The second number changes after a feature addition.
The third number changes after an addition to an already existing feature or a bug fix.

Commit message:

v2.0.0-alpha
An alpha build of the graphic ui I've been holding onto for a while, main file removed in favor of two different applications. Also added the .ico for the program in for you guys, so yeah.

Graphic UI currently not fully functional, can only randomize basics and can't get random strats or weapon stats.

README.md, after:

# ValoTools

A multi-purpose tool for Valorant.

Functionality will be added every once in a while if I do keep up with it.

Join our valorant discord server I guess, https://discord.gg/NvdwSwfuAd

Check releases for an executable file.
If you are going to use the source code to run it, use text_ui or graphic_ui. (you can probably assume which is which)

Viruses might be detected, but only because it is a code file from a unrecognized source.
If your antivirus deletes it, turn it off temporarily and then add an exclusion to the file when its downloaded.
Don't trust me? Check the file on https://www.virustotal.com and see that most antiviruses mark the file as clean.

### TEXT UI IS WINDOWS ONLY
If this is not ran on Windows, a lot of cosmetic features will be broken like the window title and keeping the text cleaned up.
Graphical UI should work just fine, though.

### VERSION NUMBERS ACCORDING TO ME
Versions will go like this! The first number changes after a huge update or big feature is added.
The second number changes after a feature addition.
The third number changes after an addition to an already existing feature or a bug fix.
